Hey guys what's up.
Welcome back.
So in this video I want to show you how to post values up from your forum.
There's also a built in Razor form helper that's going to be able to help you out here because normally
you have to spell out exactly where you want this thing to post to.
But what I want to do is go out and just remove this validation from our form.
Make makes you just pause the video right here and just make sure you have the same thing from the previous
video.
And if you don't just make sure you're going to be getting rid of this part but here I want to go and
use the helper.
I'm going to say using and then we're going to say age now and then inside of here we're going to say
I'm sorry we're going to say using and then inside of parentheses aged female Eldad begin form and then
inside of here the first thing we do is we give it the name of the method that we want to hit or the
function that is on the controller class and then the second thing is we want to give it the name of
the controller itself which is music.
All right.
So after these two parentheses you want to have the curly braces and you want all the form elements
to be inside the curly braces.
And since this is a form helper using razor You don't need the closing form statement what I want to
do is go over to the music controller.
I have a couple of break points here I just want to have it on the try and then also on the catch in
case there is a problem.
But this was a point that was created for us by default.
So you're going to notice that we have these HDTV post attributes that's the way the MVC application
is able to tell the difference between.
OK you want the pre-formed page or Oh you're posting the values from the create form page.
So that's why the post is going to signify the difference between the two revalidate and the forgery
token is actually something that is involved in cross-site scripting.
It's an actual It's a common hacking attack.
You guys can look it up it's beyond the scope of this tutorial but it's cross-site scripting.
But this is to prevent that by default and visi has protections in place to try to protect you from
making mistakes.
So it and fire up the application and navigate over to our create page.
And here we go.
Let's go ahead and give us some names of some stuff put in Chris Turner country USA and like me I'm
just kind of this is like so pompous and arrogant.
I'm actually not like that.
So biography.
I'm from Virginia.
All right so now what we're going to do is we are going to get a problem because what this thing did
is it redirected to the music site.
And unfortunately this did not work at all one second so.
So the code is fine just make sure you restart your server.
And I'm not really sure if this is something to do with my local setup or not but the caching thing
really sucks.
But if you guys want to put some values in here and then we click Create.
Now this is going to go out and hit the point so if we look over the collection value you can see that
there are a few keys inside of your that title genre origin and biography things like that.
And if we wanted to see the actual results of those values we could actually just hover over the collection
and then go to the results view.
And then you can see down in here you can see that the title passen is 80 genre's ATF ATF radio for
all of them.
But you can see there and then there's also this request verification to concerts this humongous base
64 encrypted token.
So you can see why the page actually errs out because it actually hits the redirect to action right
here and then it just bounces right over to the main page and it tries to for each.
Over a model of band values that doesn't exist.
So just for craps and gigs Let's go ahead and just return the view as well.
From this view as well so that way you know to stop the server.
But that way it will not air out every time.
Right now now normally in your tristate here this is where you're going to end up validating server
side the values that are passed end and we'll see how to do that in a moment.
And then there's also the fact you this is where you would store you know or call either some sort of
third party service or something to pass values in or to get values based on the values you have.
But obviously the sky's limit there and then catches where everything blows up and your servers on fire.